Edits for "conventions" and impersonal form (#628)
cf-convention/cf-conventions: ch04.adoc

The commonest use of coordinate variables is to locate the data in space and time, but coordinates may be provided for any other continuous geophysical quantity (e.g. density, temperature, radiation wavelength, zenith angle of radiance, sea surface wave frequency) or discrete category (see <<discrete-axis>>, e.g. area type, model level number, ensemble member number) on which the data variable depends.

Four types of coordinates receive special treatment by these conventions: latitude, longitude, vertical, and time.

> The special role that the **`units`** and **`positive`** attributes play in the COARDS conventions to identify coordinate type continues to be supported.

Reviewer: Maybe easier to read, "These conventions continue to support the special ... to identify coordinate type."

> The special role that the **`units`** and **`positive`** attributes play in the COARDS conventions to identify coordinate type continues to be supported.

Author: ```suggestion
These conventions continue to support the special role that the **`units`** and **`positive`** attributes play in the COARDS conventions to identify the coordinate type.
```

Application writers should note that the UDUNITS package has limited recognition of the directionality implied by the "east" part of the unit specification.
It defines **`degrees_east`** to be pi/180 radians, and hence equivalent to **`degrees_north`**.

> Hence, determination that a coordinate is a longitude type should be done via a string match between the given unit and one of the acceptable forms of **`degrees_east`**.

Reviewer: "Hence,  a string match between the given unit and one of the acceptable forms of **`degrees_east`** is the recommended method to determine whether a coordinate is of longitude type."

> Hence, determination that a coordinate is a longitude type should be done via a string match between the given unit and one of the acceptable forms of **`degrees_east`**.

Author: ```suggestion
Hence, a string match between the given unit and one of the acceptable forms of **`degrees_east`** is the recommended method to determine whether a coordinate is of longitude type.
```
